Red Hat Network Services
Use and Subscription Agreement

Red Hat Network is an Internet solution for managing one or more Red
Hat Linux systems (the "Service").  This Red Hat Network Use and
Subscription Agreement (the "Agreement") is between Red Hat,
Inc. ("Red Hat") and all users of, and subcribers to, the Service
("you" or "Customer").

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OR SUBSCRIBING TO
THE SERVICE OR PROFILING, REGISTERING OR ENTITLING A SYSTEM WITH THE
SERVICE.  BY USING OR SUBSCRIBING TO THE SERVICE, OR BY PROFILING,
REGISTERING OR ENTITLING A SYSTEM WITH THE SERVICE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR
ASSENT TO THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU ARE ACTING ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY,
THEN YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THAT ENTITY.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS OF
THIS AGREEMENT, THEN PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS, USE OR SUBSCRIBE TO THE
SERVICE AND DO NOT PROFILE, REGISTER OR ENTITLE A SYSTEM WITH OR FOR
THE SERVICE.

1. Use and Subscription Conditions

You must be at least thirteen (13) years old to use, or entitle a
system with, the Service.

Red Hat reserves the right to modify the Service at any time and for
any reason or no reason.

2. Password and Security

Customer will create a username, password, and account designation at
the time Customer subscribes for Service. It is the Customer's duty to
keep this user information confidential.  Customer must notify Red Hat
immediately upon discovering any unauthorized use of Customer's
account.  Customer must purchase a subscription for a system to
entitle such system to receive Service. The Service may be used only
for the benefit of the Customer and only for the systems with
subscriptions.  Customer may not use one subscription for Services for
more than one system concurrently.  Any unauthorized use of the
Service will be deemed to be a material breach of this Agreement.

3. End User License Agreement

All of the software programs provided by means of the Red Hat Network
(the "Software Programs") are individually written and copyrighted,
and are subject to individual end user license agreements (each, a
"EULA") that are applicable to the Software Programs.  You agree to
review, and that you are subject to, each such EULA.  Most of the
EULAs permit you to copy, modify and redistribute the Software
Programs, in both source code and binary code forms.  Nothing in this
Agreement limits your rights under, or grants you rights that
supercede, any applicable EULA.

4. Provision Applicable to Proxy Server or Satellite

If Customer subscribes to Red Hat Network Proxy Server or Red Hat
Network Satellite ("Proxy Server or Satellite"), then Red Hat will
provide the Service to Customer by means of one or more designated
servers owned or leased by Customer, approved by Red Hat and located
at Customer's site (the "Servers").  To provide Proxy Server or
Satellite, the Red Hat Network Proxy Server and/or the Satellite code
(the "RHN Code") will be installed onto the Servers solely for the
purpose of allowing Customer to receive the Service during the period
that the Customer subscribes to Service (the "Subscription Period").
Customer may use the RHN Code only on the Servers and, upon Red Hat's
written approval, on one additional server for backup purposes.
Customer may use the RHN Code only to receive the Services for systems
for which Customer has purchased a subscription for Service.  Customer
may not use the RHN Code for any other purpose.  Customer may not
transfer or assign the RHN Code or any media containing the RHN Code.
Customer may not modify, copy, make derivative works of, distribute,
reverse engineer, decompile or export the RHN Code.  During the
Subscription Period, Customer agrees that Red Hat shall have such
electronic or physical access to the Servers as Red Hat reasonably
requests to enable Red Hat to deliver the Service and to update or
enhance the RHN Code as Red Hat deems necessary, in its sole
discretion.

During the Subscription Period and for one year thereafter, Red Hat
will have the right to audit Customer's facilities and records upon
reasonable notice during regular business hours in order to confirm
compliance with this Agreement.  In the event that such audit reveals
that Customer has breached this Agreement, Customer will pay Red Hat's
reasonable audit expenses, immediately destroy all unauthorized copies
of the RHN Code and pay the appropriate subscription fee for the
period of the violation.

The RHN Code and any physical media containing the RHN Code and all
intellectual property rights contained therein, and all copies thereof
made by Customer (if authorized by Red Hat) are the exclusive property
of Red Hat and a valuable trade secret of Red Hat.  Upon termination
of the Subscription Period, Customer immediately will return to
destroy all copies of the RHN Code in its possession (including any
RHN Code installed on the Servers).  The RHN Code (and any media
containing the RHN Code) is the confidential property of Red Hat and
Customer shall not use or disclose any information regarding the RHN
Code, except as permitted by this Agreement.

5. Warranty and Limitation of Liability

Warranty

Except as specifically stated in this Agreement, the Service, any
Software Program provided by means of the Service, the Proxy Server,
Satellite or the RHN Code are provided and licensed "AS IS" WITH OUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  RED HAT DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT
THE USE OF SERVICE, THE SOFTWARE PROGRAMS, THE PROXY SERVER, SATELLITE
OR THE RHN CODE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.

Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, IN NO EVENT WILL
RED HAT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER IN TORT OR IN
CONTRACT, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS OR OTHER INCIDENTIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF (A) THE SERVICE, THE SOFTWARE
PROGRAMS, THE PROXY SERVER, SATELLITE OR THE RHN CODE, (B) ANY
INTERRUPTION OF USE OF THE SERVICE, THE SOFTWARE PROGRAMS, THE PROXY
SERVER, SATELLITE OR THE RHN CODE OR (C) FOR LOSS, INACCURACY OR
CORRUPTION OF DATA, EVEN IF RED HAT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  RED HAT'S LIABILITY HEREUNDER SHALL BE
LIMITED TO DIRECT DAMAGES IN THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID TO
RED HAT FOR THE SERVICES FOR ONE YEAR.

6. Payment Obligations Applicable to Subscribers

If Customer has purchased a subscription to the Service, then 
Customer agreesto the terms of this Section 6 of this Agreement:

All fees are stated, and must be paid in, United States Dollars.  All
fees are exclusive of any foreign, federal, state or local sales,
excise, use or similar taxes.  Customer agrees to pay all such taxes,
when applicable, regardless of whether such taxes appear on an
original invoice or are later levied (excluding any taxes levied
solely on the income of Red Hat).  Any renewal of this Agreement will
be at Red Hat's list prices in effect at the time of the renewal.  All
payments are non-refundable.

Customer agrees to provide Red Hat with accurate and complete billing
information (including legal name, address, telephone number, and
billing or credit information).  Customer will report to Red Hat all
changes to this information within thirty (30) days of the change.
Customer shall direct any questions regarding its account to Red Hat's
customer service department.  All charges are considered valid unless
disputed within sixty (60) days of the billing date.  Adjustments will
not be made for charges that are more than 60 days old.  Red Hat
reserves the right to suspend or cancel Service for non-payment.  Red
Hat is not responsible for Customer's credit card or debit card fees
or expenses.  In the event that the Service is purchased through a
reseller rather than directly through Red Hat, the Customer's Service
will be suspended if the reseller fails to pay all amounts due to Red
Hat.

7. Confidentiality of Data

Red Hat will comply with its security and privacy policy as it exists
from time to time.

8. Term of this Agreement and Modification of Services

This Agreement is effective until terminated by either party in
accordance with this Agreement.

Customer may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing notice
of termination in writing to Red Hat by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, to the following address: Red Hat, Inc.,
Customer Service, 1801 Varsity Drive, Raleigh, North Carolina 27606 or
by calling Customer Service at (888) REDHAT1.  You may not terminate
Services or this Agreement by email.

Red Hat may terminate this Agreement, use of the Service, the Proxy
Service or password access to the Service at any time without prior
notice, if Red Hat in its sole discretion determines that there has
been a violation of this Agreement, applicable policies or failure to
pay charges when due.  Red Hat may terminate this Agreement at any
time by providing notice of termination to you in any reasonable
manner.

Sections 3 through 9 of this Agreement shall survive any termination
of this Agreement.

RED HAT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY THE SERVICE AT ANY TIME AND FOR
ANY REASON OR NO REASON.

9. General

This Agreement is governed by North Carolina law without regard to its
conflict of laws provisions.  Customer consents to the jurisdication
of the federal and state courts of the State of North Carolina with
respect to any disputes or issues arising out of this Agreement.  This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement and the Services may not
be transferred or assigned without the prior written consent of Red
Hat.  The unenforceabity of any provision of this Agreement shall not
effect the remaining provisions of this Agreement. Red Hat reserves
the right to amend or modify this Agreement at any time and in any
manner by providing reasonable notice to the Customer.  Customer
agrees that reasonable notice may be provided by posting on Red Hat's
web site, the Customer's start pages, email or other written notice.
